---
title: "Reproducing Reality with a High-Dynamic-Range Multi-Focal Stereo Display
"
collection: publications
excerpt: 'We build a display and computational pipeline that passes a <u><i>Visual Turing Test</i></u> for a simple 3D object — naive observers can only distinguish between real and displayed 3D objects with a probability of 0.44.'
date: 2021-12-14
permalink: /publication/2021-12-14-hdrmfs
venue: 'ACM SIGGRAPH Asia'
paperurl: 'https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/research/rainbow/projects/hdrmfs/Reproducing_reality_HDR_MF_S_display.pdf'
citation: 'Fangcheng Zhong, Akshay Jindal, Ali Özgür Yöntem, <strong>Param Hanji</strong>, Simon J. Watt, and Rafał K. Mantiuk. &quot;Reproducing Reality with a High-Dynamic-Range Multi-Focal Stereo Display&quot;. In <i>ACM Transactions on Graphics, 40(6)</i>. 2021.'
---

Single-image high dynamic range (SI-HDR) reconstruction has recently emerged as a problem well-suited for deep learning methods. Each successive technique demonstrates an improvement over existing methods by reporting higher image quality scores. This paper, however, highlights that such improvements in objective metrics do not necessarily translate to visually superior images. The first problem is the use of disparate evaluation conditions in terms of data and metric parameters, calling for a standardized protocol to make it possible to compare between papers. The second problem, which forms the main focus of this paper, is the inherent difficulty in evaluating SI-HDR reconstructions since certain aspects of the reconstruction problem dominate objective differences, thereby introducing a bias. Here, we reproduce a typical evaluation using existing as well as simulated SI-HDR methods to demonstrate how different aspects of the problem affect objective quality metrics. Surprisingly, we found that methods that do not even reconstruct HDR information can compete with state-of-the-art deep learning methods. We show how such results are not representative of the perceived quality and that SI-HDR reconstruction needs better evaluation protocols.
